# Assignment 4 PBP/PBD

### CSRF Token
Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) is an attack that forces an end user to execute unwanted actions on a web application. CRSF token is a unique value that is generated by server-side to protect CSRF vulnerable resources. If there's no {% csrf_token %}, the request will be rejected and the user session will be terminated thus the event will be identified as a CSRF attack.

### Creating Form Manually
Yes, we can create form element manually by not using .as_table altogether or using different commands such as forms.as_p or by using some outside help like bootstrap if we want to format it. By using those things we can customize the forms more freely and creatively. We can also create the form using the built in form in html but it will require more work.

### Data Flow Process
The flow of data from forms is first the user fills out the data, then it will be stored in the database model and it will be passed onto the html page. After that, it will be displayed for the user to see.

### Process of Completion
Step by step process:
- Create a new application named `todolist`
- Add `todolist` into project_django's settings and url
- Create user model using foreign key and also other models then makemigrations and migrate the model
- Implement login, register, and logout similar to lab 03
- Create button in `todolist.html` that redirects into `create-task.html`
- Create `forms.py` that contains the form that will be used
- Create new function in `views.py` that retrieves data from the form and redirects as soon as you submit the form
- Add, commit, and push the code onto GitHub then deploy the app on heroku
- Create two accounts with each having 3 tasks in the heroku app
- Answer assignment 4's question by updating `READ.ME`

[Heroku for Assignment 4](https://pbp2022-katalog.herokuapp.com/todolist)
